correct installation command (#3655)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/sl-getting-started.md

Follow these steps to test and query your metrics using MetricFlow:

> 1. Make sure you install `metricflow` and [dbt adapter](/docs/supported-data-platforms) in the CLI. This is because you're installing MetricFlow as an extension of the dbt adapter. Currently, the supported adapters are Snowflake and Postgres (BigQuery, Databricks, Redshift coming soon).

Author: ```suggestion
1. Make sure you install the `metricflow` and [dbt adapter](/docs/supported-data-platforms) in the CLI. This is because you're installing MetricFlow as an extension of the dbt adapter. Currently, the supported adapters are Snowflake and Postgres (BigQuery, Databricks, and Redshift coming soon).
```

> 1. Make sure you install the `metricflow` and [dbt adapter](/docs/supported-data-platforms) in the CLI. This is because you're installing MetricFlow as an extension of the dbt adapter. Currently, the supported adapters are Snowflake and Postgres (BigQuery, Databricks, and Redshift coming soon).

Author: ```suggestion
1. Make sure you install the `metricflow` and [dbt adapter](/docs/supported-data-platforms) in the CLI using the `pip install "dbt-metricflow[your_adapter_name]"` command. This is because you're installing MetricFlow as an extension of the dbt adapter. Currently, the supported adapters are Snowflake and Postgres (BigQuery, Databricks, and Redshift coming soon).
```

:::note
When you install the adapter, add the adapter at the end of the command. For example, for a Snowflake adapter, run `pip install "dbt-metricflow[snowflake]"`
:::

> 2. Run `mf version` to see your CLI version. If you do not have the CLI installed run `pip install --upgrade "dbt-metricflow[your_adapter_name]"`.  For example, if you have a Snowflake adapter, run `pip install --upgrade "dbt-metricflow[snowflake]"`.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Run `mf version` to see your CLI version. If you don't have the CLI installed, run `pip install --upgrade "dbt-metricflow[your_adapter_name]"`.  For example, if you have a Snowflake adapter, run `pip install --upgrade "dbt-metricflow[snowflake]"`.
```

Follow these steps to test and query your metrics using MetricFlow:

1. Make sure you install `metricflow` and [dbt adapter](/docs/supported-data-platforms) in the CLI. This is because you're installing MetricFlow as an extension of the dbt adapter. Currently, the supported adapters are Snowflake and Postgres (BigQuery, Databricks, Redshift coming soon).

:::note

> When you install the adapter, add your adapter at the end of the command. For example, for a Snowflake adapter, run `pip install "dbt-metricflow[snowflake]"`

Author: ```suggestion
When you install the adapter, add the adapter at the end of the command. For example, for a Snowflake adapter, run `pip install "dbt-metricflow[snowflake]"`
```

:::

> 3. Run `mf version` to see your CLI version. If you do not have the CLI installed run `pip install --upgrade metricflow`

Author: ```suggestion
3. Run `mf version` to see your CLI version. If you do not have the CLI installed run `pip install --upgrade "dbt-metricflow[your_adapter_name]".  For example, if you have a Snowflake adapter, run `pip install --upgrade "dbt-metricflow[snowflake]"`.
```
